cool and that brings us to the hall of
the golems there's going to be some bad
guys for you to kill
and there's some lore right there if you
collect for more
okay and then you'll notice one of the
golems has a stomach that you can open
with your fire shot so do that and
activate him
alright that opened up the door but you
don't need to do that just yet just head
up along these rocks
and there's going to be a golem all the
way up here you can open them up with a
nice missile and then hop in and
activate him
okay once he freezes those waterfalls
you just jump over the lowest one which
can be hard to land on so if you fall
off like I just got knocked off right
there there is an easier way up but
first take out the guy who knocks you
down
ok so the easier way is you go up like
you're going to the middle thing so this
first rock platform then turn to your
right there's a rock platform behind the
waterfalls so you can just go up that
way which is much easier and then just
head through the door here
and it's going to be a little bit of a
complicated morph ball tunnel you can
blow up the yellow ice crystals with a
bomb but you want to go to wear these
plant things are and go across and then
blow up these I crystals that will open
up some more of it
and you're back to where you started so
you don't want to go that way oh yeah
don't want to go that way all right now
you want to blow up these crystals and
then there's this thing running around
so plant a bomb on it get up on that
hand and then you can double jump to a
missile expansion got to be a little
quick about it but it's not too bad and
then once you do that you can continue
on all the way to the bottom right and
just make your way through here okay and
in here there's some more lore if you're
interested if not just wait for the door
to open
wait for your wii to load because all
the loading times are in the door is
opening and then just knock down this
bridge here
and this is back in that other room that
you're familiar with you can swing
across and up into your right there's
going to be a new orange door that you
can now get to
and then you're just going to go through
here to the end and there's going to be
a mask golem
all right in this room there's the golem
heads statue you just want to shoot bad
guys first to your right and jump to
write go through this hole
and jump out and there will be some
waterfalls try not to fall in if at all
possible but if you do you're not in too
much trouble so just make your way
across these to the top of the head and
up there you'll find a nice missile
expansion
well